the contagion let's start a person
sneaks to cut trees in the forest
when a tree collapses the bats are
sleeping in a startled flight
they fly to find a new place to sleep
over after eating some wild fruits they
fly ahead to a pig farm nearby when
sleeping over there they poop in the
pigpen
a pig eats its feces unexpectedly its
species contains pathogen
pigs are then brought to pay much
attention she approaches many passengers
and flight attendants on that flight
arriving at home she hugs her baby but
she doesn't know the severe scenario her
action leads to
the next morning her husband picks her
son up at the school
the boy also has the sign of dry cough
the medical staff at his school just
gives him normal cold medicine arriving
at home
beth dunhoff is preparing the lunch when
she suddenly faint
her husband immediately brings her to
the hospital just in a few hours
his wife passed away he is so painful
the doctor rushes to ask him when she
was alive
where did she go and who did she
approach he keeps thinking but can't
figure out what happened
another tragedy comes up her son gets
the same disease with his wife
when he gets home the boy's body becomes
hard and he hasn't breathed
the iron stick beth emhoff touched
before dying is held by another one
everyone starts showing the sign of
cough and fever somebody hadn't known
why they died till the last moment of
their life
somebody knows that they are not fine
but still go around
there are more and more people dying up
to now everyone just pays attention to
this infectious disease
leonora is a wto epidemiologist
she participates in the investigation
about this new disease
after many operations they finally
figure out that it's a new encephalitis
virus
the doctors carry out the urgent
quarantine for mitch
fortunately his daughter was not at home
thus she didn't approach this virus
he tells her daughter that he will
cooperate with the investigation and
everything will be fine
experts of wto recognize that this virus
can be spread via indirect approach
it means that towards things victims
used to touch anyone touching them will
get the virus immediately
to quickly clarify the viruses origin
they start investigating the places beth
used to go before dying as well as
things she used to touch
however there is nothing found meanwhile
the pandemic is spreading rapidly
just after three days thousands of
people have got the virus
this pandemic has spread all over the
world the number of suspected cases has
reached hundreds thousands it even
continues increasing
at present there is no specific cure for
this disease
the victims just can't wait for death
without doing nothing
a professor known as an industry legend
isolates himself
then begins cultivating the pathogen and
tries all kinds of drugs that are
resistant to it
the 12th day of the pandemic he
eventually finds medicine which can work
meanwhile the doctor also discovers that
mitch's body has the antibodies to this
virus
who approached beth all died except for
him though those who don't have that
kind of antibodies just can't rely on
vaccines
to produce vaccines they need to go
through steps such as testing on animals
and humans
the quickest time is two to three months
the situation is not quite positive
after the outbreak mitch takes his
daughter to the supermarket for shopping
but there is nothing to buy in the
supermarket
the whole city is empty everyone is
staying in their house and no one dares
to go out
the whole city is empty everyone is
staying in their house and no one dares
to go out
everyone all collaborates with the
governments trying not to make the
current situation
more chaotic however the rate of
infection and death in the world has
increased continuously
bags to contain corpses are even over
the corpses have to be buried
underground
meanwhile leonora from wto notices a
good news
after testing on a monkey that monkey's
body produced an
antibody to oppose the virus but it's
just the first step
the second step is testing on humans
leonora gets the quick rate of the
viruses infection
every second they slow down their
investigation there are thousands more
people dying
she decides to inject the virus into her
body then inject the vaccine
fortunately she succeeded now they can
produce vaccines for that virus
the government requests medical
providers continue working
increasing their working speed vaccines
is limited
even some companies increase the
vaccines pricing
eventually those actions are
investigated by the government
this black policeman not only works
carefully but also gives the son of his
colleague the last vaccine in his hand
that braveness makes others so respect
not long after
the number of vaccines continuously
increases nations in the world
also learn this method people stand in
long lines to be injected with the
vaccine
at the end of the movie humans won this
virus virus disappeared forever
it's in the movie but in reality when
coveted 19 stops is still a question
hope you guys and your families stay
safe and healthy